How to turn off features in lsp-mode/lsp-ui (#2173)
emacs-lsp/lsp-mode: docs/blog/2020/how-to-turn-off.md

(setq lsp-lens-enable nil)
```
4. Headerline
``` elisp
(setq lsp-headerline-breadcrumb-enable nil)
```
5. Sideline code actions
   * disable whole sideline via
   ``` elisp
   (setq lsp-ui-sideline-enable nil)
   ```
   * hide code actions
   ``` elisp
   (setq lsp-ui-sideline-show-code-actions nil)
   ```
6. Sideline hover symbols
   * disable whole sideline via
   ``` elisp
   (setq lsp-ui-sideline-enable nil)
   ```
   * hide only hover symbols
   ``` elisp
   (setq lsp-ui-sideline-show-hover nil)
   ```
7. Modeline code actions
``` elisp
(setq lsp-modeline-code-actions-enable nil)
```

![Turn Off 2](images/turn-off-2.png "turn off 2")

8. `Flycheck` (or `flymake` if no `flycheck` is present)
``` elisp
(setq lsp-diagnostics-provider :none)
```

9. Sideline diagnostics
   * disable whole sideline via
   ``` elisp
   (setq lsp-ui-sideline-enable nil)
   ```
   * hide only errors
   ``` elisp
   (setq lsp-ui-sideline-show-diagnostics nil)
   ```
10. Eldoc
``` elisp
(setq lsp-eldoc-enable-hover nil)
```
11. Modeline diagnostics statistics
``` elisp
(setq lsp-modeline-diagnostics-enable nil)
```
![Turn Off 3](images/turn-off-3.png "turn off 3")

12. Signature help
``` elisp

> (setq lsp-signature-auto-activate nil) ;; you could manually requiest them via `lsp-signature-activate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(setq lsp-signature-auto-activate nil) ;; you can manually request them via `lsp-signature-activate`
```
